yeah yeah yeah hey you were right la de
da da da konechno yeah yeah yeah so need
Kanye ya gotta go get stronger yay ah
the guy behind breaking yay all right
yay sonic boom I yay Wow oh yeah honey
kong fuckin gay wow wow oh yeah Franco
yeah okay dang y'all even ah gotta go ya
pal salomone mo money mo yes oh yeah oh
yeah oh yeah oh right now doneita gamla
maybe I gonna do is come on i think i'm
nirva fun they come cold yeah
don't go gaga funko their hands out see
the UH funk adding an exam fish no yeah
i'm diggin eyes off me me huh great song
commanding at NASA ma ma no oh oh my oh
ding an agile cat yucky way yoga mat and
a matinee madden a row funky like a
monkey Matheny know by the magnetic in
Iran yeah yeah from the day hey k we
imagine a man and a Methodist argue with
you it come garden are not just bear
you're in well I got it right medicaid
managed a photo Melanie Melanie you went
away
here we go oh yeah man it man I did it
not even John one another Gamla yeah I
made a dick go go wow I know I'm why I
done yet I'm anymore yay ah well I by
the knees Oh Matheny managing it sure
come on I'm heavily hey boo yeah I wish
don't lack of Homeland a Lamia Wow oh ho
in here right for me and ya know nobody
I know
yeah buddy yeah yeah you waited how are
you fine yes fine oh yeah fun come come
gather thing I'm go ahead hey garnet
chicken uh wait wait wait wait you're do
so give way that my bag and give it any
more your way my nose out riya give way
comes out here we comes out you wait
give we couples down aim comes out yeah
yeah y'all can was a joke is that yo so
what's happen just owns a yacht so on
top Wow gang say guzar gaye get your
seconds huh seconds out cheering Dean
Dean